Brother Long
Let's go then. OK.
You go back first
Hey, what's wrong?
Help me make an appointment with a emperor?
What are you in a hurry?
I'll call you tomorrow and ask, okay?
Then you have to hurry up.
I dreamed of a king
Dream of a king
What did you dream about doing with the Jade Emperor?
When a man dreams of a woman
They're all doing shady things
Women dream of men, I guess it must be the same
Oops, stop commenting.
Hurry up and hug me and make an appointment to see Yinhuang
Okay, I'll give Mei Feng a call and ask
One Emperor Tomorrow Night
Book me a room in the most luxurious hotel in Dragon City
Deploy all monitoring Yes
How did it go?
The beautiful seam god of war said about tomorrow night
I can see you when I have time.
I'll notify you when the specific place is available. Really?
Don't worry, I can top 9 with one word.
Really? You didn't lie to me, did you?
You'll know by tomorrow night
Ok thank you thank you